ChrPlasmaLens element: Support k<0, and fix uninitialized-variable bug in tracking of reference particle (#1030)
BLAST-ImpactX/impactx: examples/active_plasma_lens/README.rst

.. _examples-active_plasma_lens:

Active Plasma Lens
==================

> These examples demonstrates the of the effect of an Active Plasma Lens (APL) on the beam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples demonstrate the effect of an Active Plasma Lens (APL) on the beam.
```

The lattice contains this element and nothing else.
The length of the element is 20 mm, and it can be run in no-field, focusing, and defocusing mode.

We use a 200 MeV electron beam with an initial normalized rms emittance of 10 um.
The beam is set to have :math:`\alpha = 0` in the middle of the lens in the case of no field.
The beam size in the middle of the lens is set to 10 µm for the no-field examples (in order to have a strongly parabolic :math:`\beta`-function within the lens), and 100 µm for the focusing and defocusing examples.
A :math:`\sigma_{pt} = 10^{-3}` is also assumed.

> Before the simulations, this beam is back-propagate to the lens entry asuming no field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the simulation, this beam is back-propagated to the lens entry assuming zero field.
```
